Toast: add a Getting Started tutorial (#3711)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Toast/00 Getting Started with Toast/05 Display a Toast/05 Use the 'notify' Method.md

You can specify one of the four predefined types of notifications, depending on the mood of the message:

- *'info'*   
A blue toast with a message bubble icon.

- *'warning'*   
A yellow toast with an exclamation mark icon.

- *'error'*   
A red toast with an **X** icon.

- *'success'*   
A green toast with a check mark icon.

If you need to specify other Toast properties in addition to [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#type) and [displayTime](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#displayTime), call the [notify(options, type, displayTime)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/ui/#notifyoptions_type_displayTime) method and pass an object as the argument. This tutorial uses the second approach.

> You can specify the [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#width) and [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#height) properties to resize a toast. Use the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#position) property to specify toast location. The configuration of the **position** property in the example reads as follows: "place **my** *bottom* side **at** the *bottom* side **of** the *"#container"*.

Reviewer: The first paragraph describes only one method to invoke a Toast. You don't indicate that a second method is possible. For the time being, I assume that this is the only method. When I read about the second, it comes as a surprise to me. 

I would deal with the two different methods first, and then would go into parameter details. 

```suggestion
Call the **notify** two methods to display a Toast. This method can accept two slightly different sets of arguments. 

A simpler syntax is [notify(message, type, displayTime)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/ui/#notifymessage_type_displayTime).  You specify the [message](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#message), [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#type), and [displayTime](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#displayTime).

To specify additional Toast properties, call the [notify(options, type, displayTime)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/ui/#notifyoptions_type_displayTime) method and pass an object as the first argument. The example below uses this syntax.

You can specify one of the four predefined types of notifications, depending on the mood of the message:

- *'info'*   
A blue toast with a message bubble icon.

- *'warning'*   
A yellow toast with an exclamation mark icon.

- *'error'*   
A red toast with an **X** icon.

- *'success'*   
A green toast with a check mark icon.

If you call the method that allows additional options, you can set the [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#width), [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#height), and [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#position) options. The configuration of the **position** property in the example below reads as follows: "place **my** *bottom* side **at** the *bottom* side **of** the *"#container"*.
```

> Call the **notify** method to display a Toast. This method can accept two slightly different sets of arguments. 

Reviewer 2: `two slightly different` In technical terms, something is either different or it is the same. What makes them 'slightly' different?

Author: I will remove the word "slightly"

Reviewer 2: Ok

> A simpler syntax is [notify(message, type, displayTime)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/ui/#notifymessage_type_displayTime). You specify the [message](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#message), [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#type), and [displayTime](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToast/Configuration/#displayTime).

Reviewer 2: Simpler compared to what?

Author: Would it be okay if I change "simpler" to "basic"?
The thing is you can use the first notify method when you do not need the additional customization of the toast. So it's a basic configuration.

Reviewer 2: Ok

To specify additional Toast properties, call the [notify(options, type, displayTime)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/ui/#notifyoptions_type_displayTime) method and pass an object as the first argument. The example below uses this syntax.

> You can specify one of the four predefined types of notifications, depending on the mood of the message:

Reviewer 2: `depending on the mood` Again, very unusual choice of words for a technical doc. How do define or quantify these 'moods' you refer to?

Author: Would it be okay if I change "depending on the mood of the message" to just "depending on the message"?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that would work
